OCPBUGS-31759: Update i18n docs on how to update Phrase Project Template (#13730)
openshift/console: INTERNATIONALIZATION.md

1. Look up the [ISO 639-1 code](https://www.loc.gov/standards/iso639-2/php/code_list.php) for the new language.
2. Add the new language code to `./frontend/i18n-scripts/languages.sh`
3. Update the language switcher component (`./frontend/public/components/modals/language-preferences-modal.tsx`) to support the new language if translations are available.

> 4. Update the OCP UI Project Template to include the new laguage(s) in the Phrase TMS portal. Refer to the [Phrase Project Templates ](https://support.phrase.com/hc/en-us/articles/5709647439772-Project-Templates-TMS) on how to update Project Template. Please note that you must have Phrase project owner permissions to perform this task.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Update the OCP UI Project Template to include the new laguage(s) in the Phrase TMS portal. Refer to the [Phrase Project Templates ](https://support.phrase.com/hc/en-us/articles/5709647439772-Project-Templates-TMS) on how to update the Project Template. You must have Phrase project owner permissions to perform this task.
```

> 4. Update the OCP UI Project Template to include the new laguage(s) in the Phrase TMS portal. Refer to the [Phrase Project Templates ](https://support.phrase.com/hc/en-us/articles/5709647439772-Project-Templates-TMS) on how to update Project Template.  Please note that you must have Phrase project owner permissions to perform this task.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
4. Update the OCP UI Project Template to include the new laguage(s) in the Phrase TMS portal. Refer to the [Phrase Project Templates ](https://support.phrase.com/hc/en-us/articles/5709647439772-Project-Templates-TMS) on how to update Project Template. Please note that you must have Phrase project owner permissions to perform this task.
```

#### Testing
We test that internationalization is working for various pages and components using the [i18next-pseudo](https://github.com/MattBoatman/i18next-pseudo) JavaScript library, which returns translated strings in "pseudolocalization" format. Our Cypress custom commands [cy.isPseudoLocalized()](https://github.com/openshift/console/blob/9c930b7b411f5e88f2f890639159e09bdadb78dc/frontend/packages/integration-tests-cypress/support/i18n.ts#L45) and [cy.testI18n()](https://github.com/openshift/console/blob/9c930b7b411f5e88f2f890639159e09bdadb78dc/frontend/packages/integration-tests-cypress/support/i18n.ts#L13) append query params to URLs to invoke "pseudolocalization" and are used in various test suites such as [pseudolocalization.cy.ts](https://github.com/openshift/console/blob/175a6a274204bbe44def1963daf572e4463c36f9/frontend/packages/integration-tests-cypress/tests/i18n/pseudolocalization.cy.ts#L27) to verify strings in the masthead, dashboard, navigation menu, list views, and detail pages are translated.

#### Supported Languages representation

> Supported languages are represented using the ISO 639-1 Code, as defined in `frontend/packages/console-app/src/components/user-preferences/language/const.ts`. An exception is made for Chinese, where the region code is included to distinguish the supported traditional Chinese from other variants. However, the locale directories for Chinese still follow the ISO 639-1 Code format.

Reviewer: It should probably be "There is an exception for Chinese" or "with the exception of Chinese". What do you think of this re-write?

```suggestion
Supported languages are represented using the ISO 639-1 Code defined in `frontend/packages/console-app/src/components/user-preferences/language/const.ts` with the exception of Chinese. While locale directories for Chinese still follow the ISO 639-1 Code format, the region code is also included to distinguish the supported traditional Chinese from other variants.
```

> Supported languages are represented using the ISO 639-1 Code, as defined in `frontend/packages/console-app/src/components/user-preferences/language/const.ts`. An exception is made for Chinese, where the region code is included to distinguish the supported traditional Chinese from other variants. However, the locale directories for Chinese still follow the ISO 639-1 Code format.

Author: @opayne1 @jhadvig I think the ""with the exception of Chinese"" looks and sound better.

> The languages that are supported are represented using the ISO 639-1 Code, as defined in `frontend/packages/console-app/src/components/user-preferences/language/const.ts`. An exception is made for Chinese, where the region code is included to distinguish the supported traditional Chinese from other variants. However, the locale directories for Chinese still follow the ISO 639-1 Code format.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Supported languages are represented using the ISO 639-1 Code, as defined in `frontend/packages/console-app/src/components/user-preferences/language/const.ts`. An exception is made for Chinese, where the region code is included to distinguish the supported traditional Chinese from other variants. However, the locale directories for Chinese still follow the ISO 639-1 Code format.
```
